#The format of this file is : project_name, followed by a space, followed by the description with NO line breaks in it. You're allowed to have empty lines.

prod_define_swizzler_dataset Define Swizzler Dataset
prod_swizzle_filter_v3 Swizzle
prod_swizzle_declare_v3 Declare swizzled files

prod_swizzle_merge_bnb_v3 Merge BNB
prod_swizzle_merge_bnb_unbiased_v3 Merge BNB unbiased
prod_swizzle_merge_numi_v3 Merge NUMI
prod_swizzle_merge_numi_unbiased_v3 Merge NUMI unbiased
prod_swizzle_merge_ext_bnb_v3 Merge ext BNB
prod_swizzle_merge_ext_numi_v3 Merge ext NUMI
prod_swizzle_merge_ext_unbiased_v3 Merge ext unbiased
prod_swizzle_merge_mucs_v3 Merge MUCS
prod_swizzle_merge_notpc_v3 Merge NoTPC

prod_reco_bnb_v4 Reco BNB
prod_reco_bnb_unbiased_v4 Reco BNB unbiased
prod_reco_numi_v4 Reco NUMI
prod_reco_numi_unbiased_v4 Reco NUMI unbiased
prod_reco_ext_bnb_v4 Reco ext BNB
prod_reco_ext_numi_v4 Reco ext NUMI
prod_reco_ext_unbiased_v4 Reco ext unbiased
prod_reco_mucs_v4 Reco MUCS

prod_anatree_bnb_v4 AnaTree BNB
prod_anatree_bnb_unbiased_v4 AnaTree BNB unbiased
prod_anatree_numi_v4 AnaTree NUMI
prod_anatree_numi_unbiased_v4 AnaTree NUMI unbiased
prod_anatree_ext_bnb_v4 AnaTree ext BNB
prod_anatree_ext_numi_v4 AnaTree ext NUMI
prod_anatree_ext_unbiased_v4 AnaTree ext unbiased
prod_anatree_mucs_v4 AnaTree MUCS
